Did something happen to Yangyang?
Why don't you say this?
Is everything okay?
Okay, if I were in your home, I would look for him.
Yangyang, don’t forget, let me ask you,
When do you use your mouth?
But you are back too
Bite, bite, are you here?
Don't bite
You don’t answer the calls you make to your cell phone.
If you don't even have ears, come and sing for me
Mobile phone to phone
Help me
You should not lose here or there
I contacted
I apologize to him
Okay, meet me
I will pretend to apologize.
You bumped into it
Don't leave, bite, bite, bite, touch, touch
Then it takes me so long
Cheng Lujian got married like that, eh?
I just drove my car several times
I didn't even know you told her. Look at what you said.
Then I think about it
It’s not early to eat
Do you want to go back?
Don't do it all
It's so late
Can people not have enough to eat?
We all gave me so long
There's something going on
No matter what you eat, it’s the same.